Very exquisite spot with a huge tree in the center of the restaurant. Food was nice as the staff but I was eating 3/4 of my appetizer and then the main dish came. Hopefully they address that in future trainingsReally amazing atmosphere with a tree inside the restaurant. The food was good but the waiters forgot to bring our order a couple of times. Anyway it was an experience worth trying even with the high pricesHighly qualified cooks and chiefs with great variety of different meals of modern cuisine, and a wide variety of wines. Menu is also offered in English. Great place to go, no matter if you are in business, with friends or family.Me and my wife were invited by Joseph and your wife Liann on saturday to come to Rubaiyat so the place is really nice to have glass of wine to talk... also I found the place very comfortable and cleared by the sunlight Manager Brito and Genildo were very present all the time to secure that we were fine!!! So over all we had a nice experience .. ThanksWhat you will get here is an incredible dining experience from A to Z. The meals are prepared to perfection and the presentation, serving and service around your meal are matching the meals in any way. I went for a flank steak with a couple of sides and could not have been more happy with my selection. I can only urge everybody who enjoys food to stop by and enjoy their night at this great place.Beautiful place, expensive, but food awesomeGood food, service, and atmosphere but the the filet we ordered was below average. Everything else was good. We will try seafood next time.Still one of the best restaurants in town! Pleasant atmosphere, large space at great location. The huge tree at the center brings it all charm. Food is great, large variety of drinks and wines. Beefs are awesome. Prices are higher than the average for the region. The only bad thing is that sometimes when it is full, the service takes a while. Highly recommend!Iconic place in Sao Paolo because of the huge figue tree around which the restaurant is built. A bit too big and commercially organized though which you feel reflected in the dishes and service that lack character and personalityOne of my favorite restaurants in SP. I go for feijoada brunch buffet only served on Saturdays. If you like beans and rice (and lots of other stuff, this is a must do. Superb Caipirinhas (cachaça, vodka, or sake). I do sake-rinha since 1pm is a little early for the strong stuff. Their steaks, seafood, Mediterranean and desserts are all superb. And of course picture in front of the 100yr old fig tree.I love this place! Great customer service, great food. That tree is awesome. Definitely I will come back. Premium place and I don't feel that was super expensive.Beautiful restaurant, excellent food!!Upscale restaurant, noisy, and almost always full; but food is great.This is high end restaurant that serve variety of dishes including meat, chicken and seafood. Price is reasonable. The most interesting facts is the owner built his restaurant around the big tree that estimated 120-150 years old. It's soo amazing. The staff is polite and give good services. They also have their menu in English.Dreamy place to have lunch with your love ones, friends and family! My husband and I had a wonderful experience! We love the ambiance and the delicious Food they have!! You should try their steaks for sure! We will absolutely go back to this restaurant next time we travel to São Paulo, Brazil!!Amazing Service Amazing Environment Amazing Food 10/10. Definitely coming back there to try their Feijoada.Traditional brazilian restaurant. It’s perfect to hace a meal with an international work team. I am pretty sure local could find it overpriced.Amazing restaurant. Quite pricey but good food and great service.Fancy restaurant, mostly frequented by business people with great selection of beefs: kobe, Brazilian Angus and Argentinian beefs.The restaurant offers beautiful ambiance for romantic dine-out. The chicken was beautifully cooked while baby lamb was seasoned properly. Also, the dessert was creamy and close to perfection. The only thing lacking was limited menu options. Would recommend them to provide more options to people who prefer eating vegetarian food, and chicken only.This outdoor/indoor restaurant is a must go if you’re in Sao Paolo. Booking in advance is recommended. The restaurant is quite big and airy. The main point of attraction is the majestic fig tree that works as the masterpiece and the central pillar of the restaurant. The food is really good with some interesting versions of puffed crisps, crepes with Dulce de leche, and revisited European classic dishes with an addition of Brazilian touch. The steak was cooked to perfection. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable. The my offer you a starters dish as soon as you seat at the table, if you accept it, then you’ll have to pay for it. Recommend for a date, a visit with non-local friends. It’s on the high end of prices.Very good food..excelent attention..expensiveExceptional food with an up beat atmosphere in an amazing setting (the whole restaurant is under an ancient tree)Great experience for my first visit to Brazil. I don't think you can go wrong eating here. Beef was perfect. Scallops were terrific. Lots of options and a variety of tasty breads to start.4.6? why? on a sunday afternoon around 300 people were eating here. don’t expect any fine dining, folks. we had some fat and totally overpriced fish, tiny portions, with an oberliad of garlic. the atmosphere is loud and busy, like in a train station waiting hall. the menu covers just as the seat covers are stained. tables full of old wax and other stinking leftovers. disgusting.This was a tough rating, the food is good, but there’s better around. Come here for the people watching and the ambiance, to get into it ➖⭐️for very inattentive service and ➖⭐️for food that was overpriced with presentation that either gave early 2000’s suburban model home throws a fundraising dinner or brutish cafeteria like displays that are best reserved for dimly lit chop houses. That being said, the people watching was fantastic… people are going OUT when they show up here so try and snag a table with a good view to the entrance. We had a great time admiring the style and finesse of the paulistas. The octopus and bass were fantastic as were the desserts. The chicken 🐔 was delicious but the creamed corn was far too sweet and I wasn’t sure where they were going with the presentation but it didn’t land. If we were to come back it would likely be for lunch or some appetizers with a round of drinks and people watching in the evening.Best restaurant I've ever eaten in... Without a doubt I recommend you go there. I've eaten in my restaurants around the world and nothing came closeA fantastic dining experience in a unique setting. The restaurant is neatly tucked in under a giant old tree, making the ambience truly special. The menu is rich, with excellent fish and steak options. We had the ceviche, sea bass, New York strip, and other dishes. The sea bass was an exceptionally good option - cooked to perfection with crispy skin and delicious seasoning. The ceviche was excellent as well. The wine menu is very comprehensive, and the South American options are ubiquitous. The staff is very friendly and professional, and the food was served very timely. A perfect dining experience.Nice experience! Good service and good food! To avoid spending crazy amounts of money go during lunch time!This long time SP establishment lives up to its legendary status with superbly crafted prime cuts, excellent wines, delicate desserts and impeccable service. Fine dining at its best. Try not to gorge yourself on the pão de queijo, i dare you.Our expectations were very high based on so countless reviews and publications. Unfortunately, our expectations weren’t met - Greta food without a 5 star service.I really don't want to leave any message, but I would like to be honest, our bill was about $140 more or less for lunch! We were so hungry I am so dissapointed! We ordered steak, I could not hardly cut it from my knife, was very tough! then my assoc Dr Luis was very hungry he had to eat his steak forced himpself! Then he asked reorder my steak, it's about the same very tough beef! could not eat it! for that kind of lunch expensive! I could buy many kilos of beef, cook my own steak, so I gaved my steak to my driver, he said the same thing! Tough beef!Amazing restaurant in posh Jardins neighborhood. Functions well lunch as dinner and the menu has a bit of everything with a touch of Mediterranean using amazing Brazilian produce and products. Always top notch service. Well worth a visit!Excellent food but the restaurant needs to renovate its structure for more comfort. I saw that they already started.Possibly my favorite restaurant in São Paulo. The place is gorgeous, built around an ancient fig tree that sprawls over the main dining area. The quality of the meat is amazing and, as you'd expect, perfectly cooked. The seafood options are also really good and I had possibly the best scallops ever. There is an all you can eat dessert buffet that is huge and simply too dangerous, as there's no way you won't have to be rolled out of the place instead of just walking out.Beautiful and elegant. Busy place. Had to wait 20 minutes for a table. But while waiting, u can order appetizers and drinks. Great place.Pretty nice place with massive fig tree that sprawls towards the entirety of the place. The food is all around first-team level with a pretty interesting range of dishes. Seafood and meats are no-brainers there.Fantastic Brazilian restaurant with great meat. Never lost its qualityA very traditional meat restaurants in São Paulo, Rubaiyat has several locations in town. I always visit the Faria Lima location, but I have to admit that this one, the first opened, with is unique setup with a huge “figueira” tree is special. The menu also is slightly different, the meat equally delicious. Definitely worth a visit.Such a disappointing experience! Rubaiyat is an institution in São Paulo and they are unfortunately running on their past reputation rather than current level of service and food. The steaks were not very flavourful (although the point of cooking was perfect), and the sides were extremely average, not at the level of what this restaurant should provide (eg mashed potatoes had lumps). The service was cordial but not great: we had to make eye contact with the waiters to get to order and receive the check as they didn’t come to check on us, and made a mistake on the check (overcharged is). 450 BRL for a 2 pple steak lunch. No alcohol, no appetizers. Not worth it.Very nice place , food is delicious , stuff and service is good Good place to visit"Tourist trap". Food is good but nothing special, for the price, we were expecting a way better service. It is extreme overpriced for what you get, I do not recommend, there are way better options in São Paulo for less money.Amazing restaurant, excellent service. Book with time so you get a table by the figueira 💯Great Menu, staff are on point. Fantastic location in the heart of Jardins SP and the restaurant has a beautiful giant tree in the middle of it! Try it 100%The food and service were nothing less than impressive. I would highly suggest ordering the octopus appetizer and the baby beef!! I will be back!!Great place, looks very nice, atmosphere is quite cozy. My food was good, but it took incredibly long to get anyone to notice me and bring me a menu, then to actually be able to order food. The waiters are masters at ignoring you. It's true, I was alone, not in a couple, so maybe they thought I'm not gonna spend as much, therefore the little attention. They for sure need to improve at this!It was ok. Environment is a bit unusual and worth a visit, but not as good as expected. Surprisingly the steak was average, overcooked. Watch out for the 18Rs cover each with the bread.A must go. The place is fantastic, the service is so welcoming and food and drinks were great! This gorgeous tree is the cherry in the ice-cream. Also they have a person to entertain the kids (BONUS!!!). For the big fans of desserts - it’s open bar, I was so happy with it that I forgot to take a pic. I would recommend the kind of dulce de leche canolli (canudinho de doce de leite) and the coffee, it comes with several treats on it (see pic)Great atmosphere. Food was tasty. However, I think they went to the Amazon to individually fish out my pirarucu. When asked about the delay, the servers offered multiple interpretations for what was taking so long. That said, they made sure my beer glass never emptied. Overall good place think I had an off experience.Cool environment, fresh and cozy despiste of being huge and noisy sometimes.Nice place. Good good (not extraordinary). Very, very, very, expensive.This is probably top 25 restaurants in the world for me. Just by what the tree does for the scene is simply amazing. The foot is spectacular as well, love the attention to the service and quality of food. Everything is really well thought out and I have been coming to this restaurant every time I visit São Paulo since 2018.I think the price you pay not are compatible with the service you receive. They made a lot of mistake such as forgetting to delivery water or 4 times send the things that we do not order. Need to improve a lot. And the quality of food was so so.Great service with good food. Not impressed with the food, but it's a good place to take guests and entertain.Not worth visiting. Average food, poor service.It's okay, but got the price I paid I should be better served. They forgot my soft drinks three times, I was not that well received because of some wine tasting, and my reservation didn't go through even though I used an app, turns out the employee was distracted. Good food, but not worthy the price.Dude. This place is magic. They have a menu in English if they realize you aren't from here, which is nice. Baby beef and baby lamb is the way to go! Delicious food and great atmosphere! It took foreeeevvveerrr to get our food, but the company was so nice that we didn't mind! Highly recommend. The tree is 200 years old - doesn't look a day over 106! 😘😍😀Came to dinner with friends and family. The atmosphere was great and so was the food.I expected less noise and better service. Orders took so long to arrive at table and there was no interest if the plates were satisfactory - the tuna tartar was simply horrible and after 1 bite, we left it. The second bottle of wine took more than 30 minutes to arrive... disappointing 😞Pros Well organized and beutiful place to have a special meeting and event for business and family. There is a big tree in the restaurant, which makes its spcace very trendy.. Also serve good sea foods. Cons As you can imagine, all foods are expensive but its worth a try once a year!!I had an amazing experience in this restaurant. We liked the first-rate environment and the food. The staff members were super friendly. I’m glad we finally managed to eat here.Great place. Good food. Acceptable service. Beautiful aesthetics - love the fig tree. Energising vibe. Fit for multipurpose - kids and family. Wide selection of drinks - wines. However, sky high prices. Net net, worth a try and may be a repeat.Place is amazing. The huge fig tree in the middle makes it feel almost magical. The food was excellent as well. They have menus in Englush but only some of the staff spoke English, which was fine by me, we are in Brazil. Nice bar and wine selection too.Favorite restaurant in São Paulo! I visit the city about five times a year and they are always on point. Amazing atmosphere with atrium style dining room and a massive tree spanning throughout. They also have a chill bar area for drinks if you arrive ahead of your reservation. Come hungry!Great place to have some wine and good beef. Incredible environment due a very old tree that is inside the restaurantExquisite experience! This place is not only unique when it comes to ambience (a huge ficus tree inside the restaurant's patio), but food is just simply OUTSTANDING! Just perfectly made beef (of their own farm) that melts in your mouth, excellent sides (try grilled palm hearts!) and light yet exquisite desserts. If you ever come to Sao Paulo, it's the place to go!Probably the most expensive restaurant I've ever been to. Food is good but definitely not worth the price. Ambient is very nice though, as are the waiters.Just quite expectations both with food and the service. Great selection of wine as well. The place is exceptionally decorated and I am really impressed with how they set the restaurant up with all the windows and ceilings together with the tree as the centre. Food 9/10, ambience 9/10, service 9/10, value for money 9/10. A restaurant not to be missed!Really great food, the tree in the middle of the restaurant is incredible, I am a vegetarian and they where very accomodating, I had the pasta and it was fantasticTHE BEST! This is the best restaurant I’ve ever been to - they’ve got it all! Extremely tasty food 😋 amazing environment and excellent service!It is one of my favourite restaurants in the world, I vist sao Paulo Every year and we also have fantastic lunch, thanks to my girlfriend Rosanglea Keep it up and we'll done Alexander Bartolo MaltaReally bad service, really expensive (1354), and just bad. The food gave me diarrhea.The space at Figueira is very nice. I love the tree n the middle of the restaurant. What I didn't get was the "Xbox logo like" thing on the wall... I think the place is better for groups. I wouldn't go again for a date night. The food is too expensive for what it really is. I ordered the skirt stake (fraldinha) with the potatoes and I think those two don't go together. The potatoes are very dry and they don't do anything to Accentuate the flavor of the meat. The wine was good, good price too. Overall an ok experience.Very good food and service. The tables were a bit large. We were far from eachother.Delicious food, fantastic service, and the tree in the restaurant is inspired. A magical dinner option.Excellent place, especially for a large group (we had 20). Cool atmosphere with a huge 200 year old fig tree in the middle. Awesome steaks!You will wait an extraordinary amount of time if you are only a couple and not at least a group of four. And this restaurant will not honor discounts they send out on their own email blasts! They will make up rules that are not in the emails they send out! Be careful of this place, it's a total time sink for couples and they don't honor their own marketing promotions! If you try to leave, they will try to force you to stay! Beware! Go to another restaurant and look at a different tree, tree schmee, who gives a rats!What an amazing experience. Incredible food. Outstanding service. Delicious drinks. The atmosphere is like being in a historic sci fi world. Let the wait staff decide what to bring you and just enjoy and amazing evening.Great food, no matter what you choose. Good wine selection and environment. Choose a table under the tree if possible.The service was excellent. Staff was very nice. I ordered rib- eye steak and vegetables. When you are not too hungry the steak is enough for two people, we shared it. The place was very nice, with the big tree. Loved it. I put 4 star overallBeautiful restaurant bringing nature inside. Food and service were impeccable. Extensive bar and wine list.Great restaurant which seems very popular, also with local people. I had a fantastic steak, apparently a special cut typical for Brazil. Unfortunately I had not noted down what it was called. I also had a great Caipirinha which was ordered with reduced alcohol as I had to give a big presentation the next day and it was very tasty. I can also recommend the mixed starter, very nice. The big attraction obviously is the atmosphere. The restaurant looks very chic with the huge tree in the middle, all the fire pits and the open design. Any time again.A truly fantastic culinary experience. When "Brazilian steakhouse" is said, people think of the waiters quickly bringing many types of meat at your red and green card's beck and call. This is not such a place. It's of a traditional service experience but one that provides satisfaction in a different and now satisfying way. The food is delightful. The breads and spreads speak for themselves. The appetizers wonderful. And the meat...? Fantastic. Service is impeccable, and the servers made a tremendous effort to help us English speakers. The restaurant did cater to our one vegetarian diner which we are grateful for. The scenery as well is fantastic. The atmosphere provided by the arching fig tree is relaxing.Excellent food, atmosphere, and service, this is a favorite when celebrating with family and friends. Rib eye, beef carpaccio, and petit gateau au chocolat with banana ice cream, and pancaques de doce de leite avec sorvete de baunilha were highlights from this visit.Bespoke place for who likes real meat! The Banyan Tree (Figueira) makes the place unique and unforgettable. Food is great, price is also big!Terrific ambiance and superb quality food but way too expensive.Nice place, lots of different kinds of meat. Beautiful place. Nice dessert buffet.The restaurant is interesting inside, with a large tree, but I don’t eat trees, I went for the food, and was disappointed. The service was very good, bread etc all very nice, good wine list. I had the knife cut steak tartare to start and it was an ample portion and tasted great, with excessive dressing on the salad. I’d prefer it came with crustini toast instead of chips. My main was the “seafood box”, which was an expensive disaster. It was excessively oily. The fish and (single tentacle) octopus were cooked perfectly. The shrimp and scallops were tiny. Both were overcooked. The calamari was almost nonexistent and very overcooked. The risotto was also undercooked. Very disappointing.Super fancy restaurant and all the food they have is above excellent and the seating in the restaurant under the giant tree is even more amazing. I wish them always progress and excellenceThe restaurant has an amazing environment, with a phenomenal tree inside that makes it incredible. We went for a business lunch and during summer days, the lunch time might be too hot as the restaurant depends on natural ventilation and some other vents that does not solve the high temperature problem. We order the menu of the day, which was composed by a fresh salad as starter - it was excellent. The main course was a chorizo beef with egg, rice and beans - disappointed, I have been in a much cheaper places in Sao Paulo with dish like that much better. I won't ever order it again. As dessert we chose pineapples. Overall, the environment is very attractive and staff very friendly, but the food itself is not worthy the priceI think this place is overrated. I was there with my girlfriend and we had to wait in line even though the restaurant was half empty - I think they make this to make the place look more popular and to make you drink at the bar while you wait. The food was good, but nothing outstanding. For these prices I expect more, especially for the meat. The seafood of my girlfriend was really good though. One thing I though was ridiculous was that they gave us appetizers and unlike other restaurants they actually charge you for those small bites. If you finish it they bring a new one and charge for it a second time. The dessert buffet is ok, but not worth extra costs. Even though my experience was just mediocre, it is all in all a good restaurant, especially because the huge tree in the middle makes the atmosphere really romantic.Well known top level restaurant under a very big and ancient fig tree. Unfortunately the personnel seems to rely on the traditional fame, not keeping up the excellent service of some years ago. Sommelier was new and knew absolutely nothing about the wines of the house. The marvellous Epico red wine is not on the list anymore, what a pity. Hope, things get better soon...9/21/19 Famous spot, good food and very cool vibe. It was a work dinner and we ordered a lot of small plates, that worked well. Plenty of wine too. Good service. Would love to return... That means another trip to Sao Paulo!We visited this place for dinner. The food was very good. The ambiance is great. The staff is also very friendly. It is amazing to see how a tree over 150 years is being well preserved and the restaurant is making an effort to conserve and change their structures accordingly. I loved it and will definitely be going back.Incredible food. The feijoada buffet was very good. I believe it's available on Saturdays only. They have different meats in different pots so that you can pick and choose what you want, and the regular menu is still available as well. Everything was very good, and the atmosphere was great.Amazing place... the three inside of restaurant is beautiful.. therefore the price is expensive.Came for my wife's birthday. Arrived and was immediately asked by the waiter what do we want to drink. I asked, in English, to see a drink menu first and instead was given the food menu in Portuguese. When the waiter returned to our table and asked what would we like, I asked for a drink menu again, and he replied in Portuguese, and pointed to the corner of the restaurant to inform me where the barhroom is. Staff in general appeared bitter and miserable that they were working and I found them to be unprofessional and condescending. They didn't even acknowledge my wife's birthday, even though I told staff we were celebrating. Noisy restaurant, uncomfortable patio furniture to sit on, overpriced wines even for restaurant standards. Paella was the only good thing. I will not reccomned, and will not return, nor will i try any of the other establishments owned by this group. Dismal experience.The place is spectacular. All the tables are under a huge and wide fig tree, which compels the visitors with its presence. The restaurant is posh and expensive but you always have to pay for the good services. The menu is not unreasobably sophisticated and everything we had was of very high quality and perfectly cooked. Highlight the king prawns. Very tender rib eye.Perfect meal: hearts of palm salad, picanha strip cooked medium rare, garlic rice, egg farofa, and corn cream. Nuf said!I consider the food average; the worst thing is the service: really bad